For Netflix, a big part of our focus on excellence is hiring people who are great at what they do and creating an environment where talent can thrive. Being part of our Dream Team means you’ll have a choice of offerings to assist you in the moments that matter. Because when you feel covered in life, you can focus on doing your best work. Everyone’s needs are unique and we want to empower you to take care of yourself and make decisions that are right for your family. That starts with a flexible approach to the support Netflix provides at work and beyond.
Netflix Image 3060
Here to help you get there
Parental Leave
We recognize that one of the most special events in an individual's life is welcoming a new child. Our parental leave policy is: "take care of your child and yourself." We encourage employees to think about the time they’ll need as a parent and have a conversation with their manager and talent partners to determine what's best for them and Netflix.

TIME AWAY
Our vacation policy is “take vacation”, and we actually do. Frankly, we intermix work and personal time quite a bit. Time away works differently at Netflix. We don’t have a prescribed 9-to-5 workday, so we don’t have prescribed time off policies for salaried employees, either. We don’t set a holiday and vacation schedule, so you can observe what’s important to you—including when your mind and body need a break. While time away may be observed differently depending on your location and role, we believe in taking the time you need so you are bringing your best to work.

Family Forming & Reproductive Health
Netflix offers a global family forming benefit to support employees looking for preservation, fertility, surrogacy, and/or adoption options. These benefits are available to employees and their spouse/domestic partner, regardless of marital status, gender, or sexual orientation.

Mental Health Benefits
At Netflix, we know you want to produce work you are proud of. In order to perform your best, you have to feel your best. Mental health is important to your overall health which is why Netflix offers various programs to support you and your dependents. Globally, we provide access to mindfulness and meditation as well as free counseling and coaching sessions.

Health Benefits
Medical benefits work differently based on the country you live in. So you may have medical coverage offered through Netflix only, a supplemental plan through Netflix that compliments your local insurance scheme, or you may have a monthly allowance to purchase benefits on your own. No matter what the case is, we make sure that you’re covered.

FINANCES THAT MATTER TO YOU
Personal Top Of Market
To help us attract and retain stunning colleagues, we pay employees at the top of their personal market. We do not think of these as “raises” and there is no raise pool to divide up. The market for talent is what it is and is not defined by set bands and grades. If your market adjusts, we do not have to wait for an annual compensation event to make changes. We hope through this compensation approach, we can dismantle pay disparities across gender and race.

Stock Option Program
Employees choose each year how much of their eligible compensation they want in salary versus stock options which provides the opportunity to benefit from Netflix’s long term success as our stock price appreciates. You can choose all cash, all options, or whatever combination suits you. These 10-year stock options are fully-vested and you keep them even if you leave Netflix.

Employee Giving Program
At Netflix, you have the ability to impact the world through your work, sharing great storytelling globally. We realize you may also want to make an impact in a more personal way by giving to or volunteering with charitable organizations you care about. We want to do our part to support you and the organizations important to you by matching your monetary donations and volunteer time through our Employee Giving Program.

Netflix Image 5004
03 NOV 17-NOV (©Tiffany Luong 2024)-00671 copy f p (1)
Convenience to Do Your Best Work
Expenses and Work-Related Travel
Our policy for travel, entertainment, gifts, and other expenses is 5 words long: “act in Netflix’s best interest.” We do not have a set travel policy at Netflix. Using our guiding principles of context, not control - you can use judgment to make decisions that are effective for the business and set you up for success. If in doubt, seek to understand.

Work, Not Drive
This program gives you flexibility to take a call, respond to your emails, and focus on work from a rideshare car on your way to and from the office.

Relocation Benefits
We are not bound by policies and restrictions of where great talent is located. When relocating at the request of Netflix to one of our offices, from one city, or country, to another, we have a team dedicated to supporting you and your family. We understand that relocating can be multi-faceted and that there is a lot to consider. Our goal is to remove distractions by providing inclusive, fair, and meaningful support, which allows our stunning colleagues to settle quickly and focus on their role at Netflix.
